README.adoc, before:

= MVC-CXF
:index-group: Misc
:jbake-type: page
:jbake-status: published


Simple example of using link:http://mvc-spec.org[http://mvc-spec.org] together with Eclipse JNoSQL to do CRUD operations.

=== Steps to run the example

==== Run MongoDB Using Docker

image::https://www.docker.com/sites/default/files/horizontal_large.png[Docker,align="center"]

1. Install docker: https://www.docker.com/
1. https://store.docker.com/images/mongo
1. Run docker command
1. Run MongoDB: verify MongoDB image name with the command `docker images`, it can be mongodb or mongo, and then execute this command
1. `docker run -d --name mongodb-instance -p 27017:27017 mongo`


==== Run Application

Build and start the demo:

    `mvn clean install tomee:run`

Open:

    `http://localhost:8080/mvc-cxf`


==== Run Application with Docker-Compose

Build and start the demo:

    ./run.sh

OBS: 

- Install Docker & Docker-Compose
 
 - edit run.sh with the your path of JDK and Maven
 
 - edit nosql.json for change the `localhost` to `mongodb` 
 
 - if necessary change in `docker-compose` the `volumes: - ./data/db:/data/db` for your other location.
 
Open:

    http://localhost:8080/mvc-cxf

==== Intro of Eclipse Krazo
    
https://projects.eclipse.org/proposals/eclipse-krazo[Eclipse-Krazo] is an implementation of action-based MVC specifiec by MVC 1.0 (JSR-371). 

It builds on top of JAX-RS and currently contains support for RESTEasy, Jersey and CXF with a well-defined SPI for other implementations.

Commit message:

update Dockerfile,docker-compose for support envioriment variable to jnosql.

README.adoc, after:

= MVC-CXF
:index-group: Misc
:jbake-type: page
:jbake-status: published


Simple example of using link:http://mvc-spec.org[http://mvc-spec.org] together with Eclipse JNoSQL to do CRUD operations.

=== Steps to run the example

==== Run MongoDB Using Docker

image::https://www.docker.com/sites/default/files/horizontal_large.png[Docker,align="center"]

1. Install docker: https://www.docker.com/
1. https://store.docker.com/images/mongo
1. Run docker command
1. Run MongoDB: verify MongoDB image name with the command `docker images`, it can be mongodb or mongo, and then execute this command
1. `docker run -d --name mongodb-instance -p 27017:27017 mongo`


==== Run Application

Build and start the demo:

    `mvn clean install tomee:run`

Open:

    `http://localhost:8080/mvc-cxf`


==== Run Application with Docker-Compose

Build and start the demo:

    ./run.sh

OBS: 

- Install Docker & Docker-Compose
 
 - edit run.sh with the your path of JDK and Maven
 
 - edit nosql.json for change the `localhost` to `mongodb` or change `JAVA_OPTS: "-Ddocument.settings.jakarta.nosql.host=mongodb:27017"` in docker-compose
 
 - if necessary change in `docker-compose` the `volumes: - ./data/db:/data/db` for your other location.
 
Open:

    http://localhost:8080/mvc-cxf

==== Intro of Eclipse Krazo
    
https://projects.eclipse.org/proposals/eclipse-krazo[Eclipse-Krazo] is an implementation of action-based MVC specifiec by MVC 1.0 (JSR-371). 

It builds on top of JAX-RS and currently contains support for RESTEasy, Jersey and CXF with a well-defined SPI for other implementations.
